the chief is the one we all say hail
Dave Kovac was an ordinary guy
mr. : your government needs your help we
just happened to look like the president
you're a very handsome man Thank You mr.
president
just get rid of the grin you look like a
schmuck Dave something has happened to
the president about Vice President the
Vice President is mentally unbalanced
this is legal
Oh probably listen yes
suddenly dave has a great job I can't
tell you the whole story he's got a
national emergency kind of thing but you
gotta help me cut the budget a little
you got to cut the budget he is a great
house
do I need 2009 who does these books I
mean if I ran my business this way I'd
be out of business and he has a great
wife can't you die from a stroke like
everybody else she hates me yes and the
amazing thing is everyone loves
Mitchell lately huh this guy been having
too many happy meals for lunch or what
Kevin Klein the Academy award-winning
star of a fish called one I once caught
a fish this hey Sigourney Weaver I'm
talking to you will you please turn
around you know if you want to be the
same old selfish from Ivan Reitman the
director of Ghostbusters twins and kid
McCarthy fine
before we get started some things I like
over in the budget mr. president yes I'm
gonna kill him
can't kill a president who's not a
president is an ordinary person I
couldn't kill an ordinary person in a
country where anybody can become
president anybody who just did
Kevin Guam Sigourney Weaver make a nice
president 8d both alarm I'm fine
everything's fine